[Music]
today's nails are inspired by this
adorable pink Christmas pattern
background
[Music]
I started with two coats of a Barbie
pink polish and let that dry
to begin the pattern I started with
green acrylic paint on a very thin
detail brush and painted a thick band
across the middle of my nail next I
skipped some pink space and painted a
thinner line closer to the tip of my
nail after that dried I used red paint
and made another thick band right on top
of the green one now for details with
white paint I carefully painted a thin
stripe between the two green bands with
a toothpick I added dots along the
bottom green line
[Music]
then I carefully painted asterik shapes
on the thickest green line for
snowflakes
you
[Music]
next I grabbed a large dotting tool
dipped in white paint and dotted it
along the top of the red then I went
back with red paint and straighten the
top to give it a ruffle look lastly I
added a couple more white and green
lines you can always adjust the amount
of extra lines based on how much now you
have to work with give your nose plenty
of time to dry and then apply your
favorite top coat if you enjoyed this
tutorial don't forget to leave me a
thumbs up and if you have any ideas for
another nail design let me know in the
comments below as always thank you so
much for taking the time to stop by and
I will see you next time